The first set of dwarves jump from the tunnel and unstealthily land just before the remaining members of the group step off the edge to join. The first group dash off to secure the door as the tunnels explode as planned. [[Amnur]] & [[Beldren]] dash off to the other tunnel to cave it in as [[Kayn, Light's Bane|Kayn]] dashes off and dispatches two goblins.

[[Oh, Air Genasi|Oh]] dispatches two quickly, while [[Maria Ravenloft|Maria]] lights up and starts using her pike to take out goblins as they enter her range. [[Maria Ravenloft|Maria]] manages to get off a blindness spell on the two snipers and they proceed to shoot arrows into the walls. The battle rages and the Goblin underboss screams more and more as the battle turns. Magdal manages to get the Arcane Lock off on the front door and [[Amnur]] & [[Beldren]] make it into the tunnel across the hall leading down further into the depths. [[Oh, Air Genasi|Oh]] manages to sleep the Underboss, Cursespitter and one of the warriors while [[Maria Ravenloft|Maria]] and [[Kayn, Light's Bane|Kayn]] continue to clean up minions.

The group continues to batter through the ranks while the dwarves successfully collapse the remaining tunnel and continue to thin the ranks of goblins. The underboss is finally felled with all the other minions.

In the rooms lining the citadel, [[Kayn, Light's Bane|Kayn]] finds information on the [[Dwarven Ringsmiths|Ringsmiths]]. They were a collection of master smiths known within the kingdom of Baltorum. To be deemed a ringsmith was a great honour requiring a predecessor to pass away before being inducted. They crafted great items of power and beauty for those that could afford to pay the astonishing prices. There are many references to the vault of the [[Dwarven Ringsmiths|ringsmiths]], and after a significant investigation from [[Kayn, Light's Bane|Kayn]] with aid from [[Tassora]] and guidance from [[Oh, Air Genasi|Oh]], it is located behind the throne. Inside, the group find wonders of dwarven crafting of all varieties. Tassora provides each of us with the promise of one of the powerful items of our choosing.

There is reference to a Library of the [[Dwarven Ringsmiths|Ringsmiths]], which supposedly preserves all of the lore, diagrams and records for the [[Dwarven Ringsmiths|Ringsmiths]] and their creations. Their works of artificary were also documented in this library. After searching with aid from [[Tassora]] and [[Oh, Air Genasi|Oh]] again, [[Kayn, Light's Bane|Kayn]] finds a secret stairway down into the library.

[[Kayn, Light's Bane|Kayn]] finds 14hrs worth of reading to gain knowledge to improve his crafting. Completing this will give him some proficiency in creation of magical items, likely in the form of proficiency with smith tools. 