[[Tassora]] informs us that the scouts often leave runes inscribed on walls to help show where they've been or locations that are safe. She provides us the runes for "Safe Passage" and "Tread Carefully".

The group starts off into the tunnels looking out for runes. Between us, we manage to pick out the signs of scouts that seems to lead a trail towards [[The Citadel of the Ringsmiths]]. The track leads down into some more interesting terrain. The runes indicate the scouts went a different direction than the main corridor. [[Oh, Air Genasi|Oh]] communes with the gods and is told we won't find the scouts by following the main path towards [[The Citadel of the Ringsmiths]]. The smaller path is 10-feet wide and leads to stairs heading up about 50-feet. After another half hour of walking, we find a low balcony that seems to overlook a void of darkness.

[[Kayn, Light's Bane|Kayn]] puts out the dancing lights to allow [[Oh, Air Genasi|Oh]] to look out into the dark. She sees a fairly sizable group of goblins at a camp in a hall with ceilings 100-feet above the floor. A grand entranceway with a domed ceiling [[The Citadel of the Ringsmiths|citadel]] lies ahead. The balcony skirts around the edges of the hall, but from our entryway we can't see where they end. 30-foot tall dwarven statues line the hall, and at the end near the [[The Citadel of the Ringsmiths|citadel]] the goblins seem to be creating their own rough representation of something orcish or goblinoid in scrap metal.

Nix flies off down the left corridor on our path, and notes a corridor that branches left midway round. Corpses scatter around the balcony as everywhere seems to and the path ultimately reaches a brick wall. Below her path, Nix scouts ~100 goblins. Some stand out as different; bigger, more important, better armed and a troll. Lookouts are positioned around the place with some barricades setup as defensible areas. Along the right balcony path there are no corridors leading off, but Nix sees a shiny object on a dwarven corpse. [[Kayn, Light's Bane|Kayn]] moves off with stealth down the corridor to investigate.

[[Oh, Air Genasi|Oh]] hears skittering coming from the hall below [[Kayn, Light's Bane|Kayn]], but [[Kayn, Light's Bane|Kayn]] is unaware with a poor perception. As it gets closer, [[Kayn, Light's Bane|Kayn]] hears and hides in the pile of corpses casting disguise self to make himself look like a corpse. Three goblins come over the side of the balcony railing and start making their way towards the piles 30-feet away. They scout the area, and pass [[Kayn, Light's Bane|Kayn]] without noticing him then turn away and leave. [[Kayn, Light's Bane|Kayn]] retrieves 3 items, a dwarven longsword, a set of mithril armour and a ring similar to that carried by [[Tassora]]. He then returns back to the group, gives the plate armour to [[Maria Ravenloft|Maria]] to change into and identifies the longsword to be a Longsword +1.

The group carries on down the corridor and finds more indication that the dwarf scouts continued down the corridor. [[Kayn, Light's Bane|Kayn]] attempts to use the ring on the wall at the end, finding nothing, before returning back to the group and continuing down the passage. The corridor continues down towards the [[The Citadel of the Ringsmiths|citadel]] turning to run parallel. Branches move off left, and the walls have scrawlings of goblinkind. One of the passages has another rune implying the scouts turned off. A staircase turns off this path in switchbacks and the path starts to become confusing. After 30 to 40 minutes of walking the group hears dwarvish. The corridor reveals a rough-hewn walkway that intersects with the dwarvish corridor. It appears to have been of goblin construction, and two dwarves are hiding and discussing. The dwarves point crossbows at us as we round the corner after giving them fair warning by way of a minor illusion whispering to them. After a short exchange, one of the dwarves leads us away from the corridor towards their defensive position.

Neither are adorned in plate, but seem to be in dark cloaks that match the stonework with nothing that makes noise. They believe that the corridors of the goblins lead into the [[The Citadel of the Ringsmiths|citadel]]. They have a rough map, which [[Kayn, Light's Bane|Kayn]] scrawls a copy of, and they point out which corridors they believe they'll connect into the [[The Citadel of the Ringsmiths|Citadel]] but that they hadn't scouted. They believe that if. The corridors are not all the same size; one is just big enough for a goblin in the middle, one is human size and the other is much larger.

[[Amnur & Beldren]] has been on the lookout during conversation, [[Beldren]] is the one doing the majority of the talking. The two appear to be twins and cannot differentiated. The group discusses ways forward, and settles on exploring the medium sized tunnel together. Nix leads the way, the two dwarves at the back and the three of us leading the way.