---
aliases:
  - Karrik
tags:
  - playercharacter
---
# About
The most out of place of all beings in [[Pefergee]], Karrik is of an Elvish descent unlike any on [[Moros]]. Having slipped through a gap between planes, he found himself wandering the wilderness of [[Moros]] before coming across the town where he was taken in by [[Mirella & Sylas|Mirella]] as an accomplice to their syndicate.

Karrik was of the royal bloodline, a bastard sun of [[Araleth Sylvari|Araleth]] Sylvari, ruler of the [[Aurora'Lyn]] before his wife, [[High Priestess Cassandra]], chased Karrik and his mother [[Mialai]] from the city of [[Ellerythia]] and into the wilderness.
# Detailed Backstory

> [!spoiler]- Spoilers Ahead
>Standing in a glade rock pool, bathing in the moonlight waters of an unfamiliar moon, Karrik Sylvari considers where he’s going, and how he arrived in a plane of barbaric cultures and peoples. 
>
>Only a small portion of his life was spent among the Eladrin of the [[Feywild]] in the great city of Myr. Growing up and in the formative years of his life, he did not know his father, nor did his mother, [[Mialai]], talk of him. All Karrik knew was he was of some high position of the [[Ellerythia|Court Under the Stars]], and that some day they may have to leave Myr. When that day finally came it passed in a blur of frantic packing of important things and moving through the city towards the gates at a panicked speed that felt like they were being carried by the wind itself.
>
>[[Mialai]] kept them alive in the wild for a time, but the [[Feywild]] is a dangerous place, and settling in one location in small numbers is reserved only for those with immense power or trickery; Archfey, Hags, mischievous Sylvan, revelling Satyr, Fey Theatre and the Unseelie Court. But what else is a terrified mother trying to protect her child to do, and when it works for several years, what else could happen than to become complacent and drop your guard. His world was overturned once again with the death of his mother.
>
>They had found refuge in a cave with enough surrounding land to farm small things and live off the fauna and flora within a short walk. But prey for larger game often lurks in small spaces, and they would find that even they could become prey. Their camp was descended upon by lithe feline creatures Karrik later learned to be Displacer Beasts. Through sheer adrenaline and panic, something stirred in Karrik and gave him the power to warp the stone of the cave wall. There, in a dark cold closed alcove he hid until the screaming and tearing stopped, and then stayed a little longer. When he finally emerged, there was not much left of the scene other than blood and scraps of clothing. Certainly nothing to bury.
>
>The sight of their camp and what was left of [[Mialai]]’s remains cracked something deep within Karrik’s mind, leaving him in a stupor wandering the woodland of the [[Feywild]]. Some of the most dangerous places within the [[Feywild]] can be found when you’re not looking for them, and house some of the more evil and calculating denizens of the wilds. This is where Karrik found himself, in the middle of a forest surrounded glade, a single massive tree standing in the centre, as though the tree were infected, and the other trees paired back to ensure the infection did not spread.
>
>Something within the tree reached out and touched the mind of Karrik. It whispered poison directly into his thoughts, telling him of his lineage. How his mother was the mistress of [[Araleth Sylvari|Araleth]], one of the great lords of the [[Ellerythia|Court Under the Stars]]. How his father mistreated her, and how his wife [[High Priestess Cassandra|Cassandra]], High Priestess of the Court’s Coven, put a price on their heads leading to their need to flee. How Karrik would be the rightful heir to the lordship should [[Araleth Sylvari|Araleth]] perish.
>
>The words seeped into Karrik’s mind and soul, contaminating his very being. [[Feywild|The fey]] creature told Karrik it could help him survive in this harsh environment if, one day, he would help enact the creature’s will. Being vulnerable and not knowing where to turn, knowing the creature’s words were true and he would likely meet the same fate as his mother, he accepted. Karrik could feel the satisfaction and malicious glee emanating from the creature. It crafted for him a mantle of light and shadow, pulling in elements of the land and night sky. Watching this creature work, a slow dread bed itself in the pit of Karrik’s stomach. All Fey children are told stories of the Archfey that make the [[Feywild]] their lair, and he had unwittingly stumbled upon one. The creature draped the mantle around Karrik’s shoulders, and he could feel the powers he felt in the cave come under his control, giving focus to the magic within him. Naive deal made with a being he couldn’t possibly understand, he is released back into the world, a ticking time bomb of a debt to be collected.
>
>The mantle proved its worth, hiding Karrik from many a predator or wandering eye. But fate has a strange way of pulling the strings and many years later found himself wandering through a break between the planes. Too late did he realise his mistake, and on returning and retracing his tracks, Karrik found them to be gone without a trace. Trapped in a new place, familiar, yet wildly different. The [[Material Plane]] and the wilds of [[Moros]].
>
>After the death of his mother and the stirring of something within him that saved his life; after wandering the [[Feywild]] and the [[Material Plane]] for many years, something continues to claw at his mind. Something about the words told to him by the creature of the tree. It’s not fear or sadness. Those, though often painful and unwanted emotions for Karrik, are familiar. This feels more like a seething. A wrenching urge to take his rightful place among his people. His people. The venom in his thoughts somewhat shocks Karrik out of his reverie and thoughts. Are they still his? It’s been so long since he lived among them. Could they be his?
>
>Having arrived in the [[material plane]] with nothing but his meagre possessions, something pulls Karrik east where after some time of walking and avoiding the new strange people and creatures of this plane, he eventually finds [[Pefergee]]. For most of a week, he avoided the town, living off what little food from this land he could find. Something in his mind made him stay close, and though it had been some time since he had been in a town, for the most part avoiding civilisation completely while in the [[Feywild]], Karrik’s hunger would eventually prove enough for him to venture into the town under the shadow of night.
>
>With the aid of his cloak, Karrik sneaks into [[Pefergee]] unseen and looks for a place to find food. He comes across [[Pefergee#The Last Bed|the Last Bed]], a shady-looking and run-down tavern. Unbeknownst to the rough clientele and the owners, [[Mirella & Sylas]], over the next week Karrik smuggles what little unappealing food he can out. On one of these trips, [[Mirella & Sylas|Mirella]] would catch him. A gypsy woman in her middle years with fine features and cunning eyes, who Karrik has seen working behind the bar. She mistakes his naivety about the type of place he’s stealing from for bravado and convinces Karrik that his skills could be useful to them, as [[Mirella & Sylas|Sylas]], a brutish, club-jawed oaf of a man, uses the tavern as a front for the procurement and sale of valuable items. [[Mirella & Sylas|Mirella]] says that in exchange for his help, they would provide him somewhere to stay and equip him to stay safe in their business. Though [[Mirella & Sylas|Sylas]] was the face of the operation, it became obvious that [[Mirella & Sylas|Mirella]] pulled the strings. 
>
>[[Mirella & Sylas|Mirella]] puts Karrik through a test to see what he’s capable of and tasks him with retrieving an item from a building. As Karrik enters, the door is locked behind him and once he finds what he’s looking for he fey steps through a window directly in front of [[Mirella & Sylas|Mirella]], whose eyes grow wide as Karrik hands over the item. Over the next few months, [[Mirella & Sylas|Mirella]] and Karrik grow closer and she introduces him to some of her culture, showing him the constellations of the [[material plane]] and tarot reading. As she described the patterns of the stars, though they were completely alien and didn’t match the sky he knew, something calming settled upon Karrik.